Like snow piles up, I remember what you gave me
You gave me the courage to live
We met each other beyond all time
So now how do we do? Can we make it work?
This fragile love
The world moves faster than we thought
How we gonna change it?
We don’t know yet but for sure we will
(Eh) Love in our hearts, uh yeah
(Eh) slowly started to grow
I want to hold you one more time before you disappear
Ah, crystal flies high wherever it goes
Hey, there’s nothing else I want, I just want to feel a little more
Can I touch your heart？
I want to touch it but it keeps slipping through my fingers, someday, someday
Your little smile somehow hurts me
How can I be closer uh uh?
Why can’t I find an answer for this love?
How am I gonna find it? How?
Oh, let me know
Crystal snow only holds an ambiguous shape
I can't bear my story of unrequited love
Eh I’ll manage to change it on my own
(Eh) surely, I can promise you
I want to protect you one more time before tears run down your face
But crystal gets further from reach, the more I wish for it
Even after hundred years, I want to live with you
Can I be your one?
There is no single star in this snowy sky, oh, someday, someday
The two of us are already far apart
Even though we are meant to be together
Now we can't choose the paint that colors us
Even the black breath
Even your thick white fog
I feel, I feel, I feel, I feel
Oh yeah, oh, crystal snow, crystal snow
Inside the white fog
Even though you pass through me and turn to water, you are still in my heart
(You are in my heart)
I watch you shining and reflecting on every single sparkling thing
I’ll wait for you no matter where
I want to see you, even if you're pretending, please hold this hand
The warmth of love started melting
This genuine warmth, please stay forever
I want to hold you one more time before you disappear
Crystal flies high to reach you
Hey, words aren't enough to express my feelings but I will tell you as it is
Can I touch your heart?
I want you to believe me, I’ll come get you
Someday, someday
It’s always you, it’s always you, crystal snow
(Let me see your smile, oh baby, eh)
It’s always you, it’s always you, crystal snow
(Let me feel your love forever, hoo)
It’s always you, it’s always you, crystal snow
(Let me feel your love, our crystal snow yeah)
It’s always you, it’s always you, crystal snow
Oh yeah, crystal snow, oh, oh
Forever baby (baby), crystal snow